Today's assignment is graded assignment
and, uh, it carries, uh, more weight
than the previous assignments.
Yes, ma'am. Thank you.
The data set available will be in
Kegel, we able to take it, ma'am?
Yeah, yeah, you can take it from Kegel.
Okay. Uh, ma'am directly as scale and we have Right.
Uh, we can use them also, right?
Yeah. Yeah. You can use, uh,
Scale and dataset set there directly.
Yeah.
Uh, ma'am, uh, ma'am, on clarification now, uh,
we are given, uh, uh, to do any three of out of the five,
uh, should we make each, uh, program in different I, uh,
file or all three in one file?
Anything is fine. Even in all the three in one file,
also fine on different files also fine.
Great. Okay, fine. Thank you
Ma'am. Can we do
all of them like, uh, anyway, we want to learn,
so, yeah.
Yeah, you can do No problem. Okay, ma'am. Thank you.
So is it, uh, what will, if we do all the five, ma'am?
Yeah, which one will you take for three? Any.
Any three You will be, can take it or is it?
No, it's usually the first three will be preferable.
Okay, cool Man.
If you get less marks in first, any of the three, then we go
for the next three, next, uh, two.
That works.